## Studies script

### DPA Protection Simulation & Analysis with a Hybrid Propagation Model

The `dpa_ml.py` script is a standalone simulator that uses the DPA test
harness module to calculate a move list with optional hybrid propagation
and clutter loss models.  The hybrid propagation model is a hybrid of
extended Hata and the Irregular Terrain Model (ITM) similar to that used
in NTIA TR 15-517.  The clutter loss model is based on the ITU-R P.2108
statistical clutter loss model for terrestrial paths.
 
See the script docstring for a precise description of the setup and modeling
capabilities.

The `test_data` folder contains registration/grant configurations for use
as input to `dpa_ml.py`.  The syntax of their file names is as follows.
- `<dpa_name>_reg_grant.json`: original deployment
- `<dpa_name>_hMaxB18m_reg_grant.json`: original deployment but with Category B CBSDs limited to 18 m antenna height (i.e., `new_height=min(height,18)`)
- `<dpa_name>_disjointPpa_reg_grant.json`: subset of original deployment consisting of Category A grants with non-overlapping PPA contours and Category B grants with non-overlapping PPA contours; a Category A grant may overlap with a Category B grant
- `<dpa_name>_hMaxB18m_disjointPpa_reg_grant.json`: subset of the Category B limited height deployment with non-overlapping Category A and non-overlapping Category B grants

The `dpa_utils.py` script contains a utility function, `coverageAnalysis`,
that reads move lists generated by `dpa_ml.py` and calculates move list and
coverage area metrics.

The `data` folder contains numpy data files of pre-computed PPA contours for
use as input to the `coverageAnalysis` utility function.  The syntax of their
file names is as follows.
- `<dpa_name>_catA_ppa.npy`: Category A coverage contours of original deployment
- `<dpa_name>_catB_ppa.npy`: Category B coverage contours of original deployment
- `<dpa_name>_hMax18m_catB_ppa.npy`: Category B coverage contours of height-limited deployment

