# DistanceMatrixStatus

Status codes returned by service. - `OK` indicates the response contains a valid result. - `INVALID_REQUEST` indicates that the provided request was invalid. - `MAX_ELEMENTS_EXCEEDED` indicates that the product of origins and destinations exceeds the per-query limit. - `MAX_DIMENSIONS_EXCEEDED` indicates that the number of origins or destinations exceeds the per-query limit. - `OVER_DAILY_LIMIT` indicates any of the following:   - The API key is missing or invalid.   - Billing has not been enabled on your account.   - A self-imposed usage cap has been exceeded.   - The provided method of payment is no longer valid (for example, a credit card has expired). - `OVER_QUERY_LIMIT` indicates the service has received too many requests from your application within the allowed time period. - `REQUEST_DENIED` indicates that the service denied use of the Distance Matrix service by your application. - `UNKNOWN_ERROR` indicates a Distance Matrix request could not be processed due to a server error. The request may succeed if you try again. 

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**value** | **str** | Status codes returned by service. - &#x60;OK&#x60; indicates the response contains a valid result. - &#x60;INVALID_REQUEST&#x60; indicates that the provided request was invalid. - &#x60;MAX_ELEMENTS_EXCEEDED&#x60; indicates that the product of origins and destinations exceeds the per-query limit. - &#x60;MAX_DIMENSIONS_EXCEEDED&#x60; indicates that the number of origins or destinations exceeds the per-query limit. - &#x60;OVER_DAILY_LIMIT&#x60; indicates any of the following:   - The API key is missing or invalid.   - Billing has not been enabled on your account.   - A self-imposed usage cap has been exceeded.   - The provided method of payment is no longer valid (for example, a credit card has expired). - &#x60;OVER_QUERY_LIMIT&#x60; indicates the service has received too many requests from your application within the allowed time period. - &#x60;REQUEST_DENIED&#x60; indicates that the service denied use of the Distance Matrix service by your application. - &#x60;UNKNOWN_ERROR&#x60; indicates a Distance Matrix request could not be processed due to a server error. The request may succeed if you try again.  |  must be one of ["OK", "INVALID_REQUEST", "MAX_ELEMENTS_EXCEEDED", "MAX_DIMENSIONS_EXCEEDED", "OVER_DAILY_LIMIT", "OVER_QUERY_LIMIT", "REQUEST_DENIED", "UNKNOWN_ERROR", ]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


