# PlacesDetailsStatus

Status codes returned by service. - `OK` indicating the API request was successful. - `ZERO_RESULTS` indicating that the referenced location, `place_id`, was valid but no longer refers to a valid result. This may occur if the establishment is no longer in business.  - `NOT_FOUND` indicating that that the referenced location, `place_id`, was not found in the Places database.  - `INVALID_REQUEST` indicating the API request was malformed. - `OVER_QUERY_LIMIT` indicating any of the following:   - You have exceeded the QPS limits.   - Billing has not been enabled on your account.   - The monthly $200 credit, or a self-imposed usage cap, has been exceeded.   - The provided method of payment is no longer valid (for example, a credit card has expired).   See the [Maps FAQ](https://developers.google.com/maps/faq#over-limit-key-error) for more information about how to resolve this error. - `REQUEST_DENIED` indicating that your request was denied, generally because:   - The request is missing an API key.   - The `key` parameter is invalid. - `UNKNOWN_ERROR` indicating an unknown error. 

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**value** | **str** | Status codes returned by service. - &#x60;OK&#x60; indicating the API request was successful. - &#x60;ZERO_RESULTS&#x60; indicating that the referenced location, &#x60;place_id&#x60;, was valid but no longer refers to a valid result. This may occur if the establishment is no longer in business.  - &#x60;NOT_FOUND&#x60; indicating that that the referenced location, &#x60;place_id&#x60;, was not found in the Places database.  - &#x60;INVALID_REQUEST&#x60; indicating the API request was malformed. - &#x60;OVER_QUERY_LIMIT&#x60; indicating any of the following:   - You have exceeded the QPS limits.   - Billing has not been enabled on your account.   - The monthly $200 credit, or a self-imposed usage cap, has been exceeded.   - The provided method of payment is no longer valid (for example, a credit card has expired).   See the [Maps FAQ](https://developers.google.com/maps/faq#over-limit-key-error) for more information about how to resolve this error. - &#x60;REQUEST_DENIED&#x60; indicating that your request was denied, generally because:   - The request is missing an API key.   - The &#x60;key&#x60; parameter is invalid. - &#x60;UNKNOWN_ERROR&#x60; indicating an unknown error.  |  must be one of ["OK", "ZERO_RESULTS", "INVALID_REQUEST", "NOT_FOUND", "OVER_QUERY_LIMIT", "REQUEST_DENIED", "UNKNOWN_ERROR", ]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


