# StreetViewStatus

The `status` field within the Streetview Metadata response object contains the status of the request. The `status` field may contain the following values:  - `OK` indicates that no errors occurred; a panorama is found and metadata is returned. - `INVALID_REQUEST` indicates that the request was malformed. - `NOT_FOUND` indicates that the address string provided in the `location` parameter could not be found. This may occur if a non-existent address is given. - `ZERO_RESULTS` indicates that no panorama could be found near the provided location. This may occur if a non-existent or invalid `pano` id is given. - `OVER_QUERY_LIMIT` indicates the requestor has exceeded quota. - `REQUEST_DENIED` indicates that your request was denied. This may occur if you did not [authorize](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/streetview/get-api-key) your request, or if the Street View Static API is not activated in the Google Cloud Console project containing your API key. - `UNKNOWN_ERROR` indicates that the request could not be processed due to a server error. This is often a temporary status. The request may succeed if you try again 

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**value** | **str** | The &#x60;status&#x60; field within the Streetview Metadata response object contains the status of the request. The &#x60;status&#x60; field may contain the following values:  - &#x60;OK&#x60; indicates that no errors occurred; a panorama is found and metadata is returned. - &#x60;INVALID_REQUEST&#x60; indicates that the request was malformed. - &#x60;NOT_FOUND&#x60; indicates that the address string provided in the &#x60;location&#x60; parameter could not be found. This may occur if a non-existent address is given. - &#x60;ZERO_RESULTS&#x60; indicates that no panorama could be found near the provided location. This may occur if a non-existent or invalid &#x60;pano&#x60; id is given. - &#x60;OVER_QUERY_LIMIT&#x60; indicates the requestor has exceeded quota. - &#x60;REQUEST_DENIED&#x60; indicates that your request was denied. This may occur if you did not [authorize](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/streetview/get-api-key) your request, or if the Street View Static API is not activated in the Google Cloud Console project containing your API key. - &#x60;UNKNOWN_ERROR&#x60; indicates that the request could not be processed due to a server error. This is often a temporary status. The request may succeed if you try again  |  must be one of ["OK", "INVALID_REQUEST", "NOT_FOUND", "ZERO_RESULTS", "OVER_QUERY_LIMIT", "REQUEST_DENIED", "UNKNOWN_ERROR", ]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


