# TimeZoneStatus

The `status` field within the Time Zone response object contains the status of the request. The `status` field may contain the following values:  - `OK` indicates that the request was successful. - `INVALID_REQUEST` indicates that the request was malformed. - `OVER_DAILY_LIMIT` indicates any of the following:   - The API key is missing or invalid.   - Billing has not been enabled on your account.   - A self-imposed usage cap has been exceeded.   - The provided method of payment is no longer valid (for example, a credit card has expired).  - `OVER_QUERY_LIMIT` indicates the requestor has exceeded quota. - `REQUEST_DENIED` indicates that the API did not complete the request. Confirm that the request was sent over HTTPS instead of HTTP. - `UNKNOWN_ERROR` indicates an unknown error. - `ZERO_RESULTS` indicates that no time zone data could be found for the specified position or time. Confirm that the request is for a location on land, and not over water. 

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**value** | **str** | The &#x60;status&#x60; field within the Time Zone response object contains the status of the request. The &#x60;status&#x60; field may contain the following values:  - &#x60;OK&#x60; indicates that the request was successful. - &#x60;INVALID_REQUEST&#x60; indicates that the request was malformed. - &#x60;OVER_DAILY_LIMIT&#x60; indicates any of the following:   - The API key is missing or invalid.   - Billing has not been enabled on your account.   - A self-imposed usage cap has been exceeded.   - The provided method of payment is no longer valid (for example, a credit card has expired).  - &#x60;OVER_QUERY_LIMIT&#x60; indicates the requestor has exceeded quota. - &#x60;REQUEST_DENIED&#x60; indicates that the API did not complete the request. Confirm that the request was sent over HTTPS instead of HTTP. - &#x60;UNKNOWN_ERROR&#x60; indicates an unknown error. - &#x60;ZERO_RESULTS&#x60; indicates that no time zone data could be found for the specified position or time. Confirm that the request is for a location on land, and not over water.  |  must be one of ["OK", "INVALID_REQUEST", "OVER_DAILY_LIMIT", "OVER_QUERY_LIMIT", "REQUEST_DENIED", "UNKNOWN_ERROR", "ZERO_RESULTS", ]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


